

Dear team of AI NOW Institute, 

 



My name is Daira Pinto Prieto and I would like to introduce myself and
explain why I am applying for the program associate position. I knew about AI NOW
for the first time reading an interview to Kate Crawford about the discrimination
caused by artificial intelligence. It seemed to me that she was showing a real
and ignored trouble, so I started to look for more information about your work.
Casually, I found the perfect chance for me to form part of this innovating
project.  



I am especially interested in that vacancy [Sergio Va1] for three reasons. The first is that I could
contribute actively and effectively to minimize social inequality. [Sergio Va2] Since many years ago I have been concerned about the
disparity of our society and I think this project have real possibilities to
make an impact since it is not about reversing something built during centuries
but developing an incipient technology without bias from start.  Of course, there are other ways to promote
the equality, but this has the particularity that it is a professional
challenge apart from my personal one. Finally, I think program associate is a
good position for me because it allows to learn and develop skills from a large
variety of areas, and I think is a great option for someone who is starting
their career as [Sergio Va3] I. 



In addition, I have some experiences that can be relevant for the profile
according to its description. For example, working as data analyst at HHRR
department of Grupo
Tragsa, I have guided a statistical project about
performance appraisals, what has given me practice in taking responsibilities,
proposing solutions and meet [Sergio Va4] deadlines efficiently. Furthermore, I have passed
from studying and teaching mathematics to collaborate hand to hand with HHRR
technics, what have showed me that I am able to adjust myself to diverse
environments and requirements. On the other hand, studying mathematics have
allowed me for thinking in a structured and abstract way, as well as being in
contact with research process during the B.Sc. thesis;, administrate grants and
organizing talks for our student association and motivating and encouraging
students when I worked as a teacher. 



As a last point, I
would like to say why I think this opportunity is a good step on my career.
Right now, I am interested in knowing the world and getting different
experiences related with my inquietudes. Nevertheless, my goal within some
years is to study a PhD in mathematics. My favorite branches are logic and set
theory but I would like to be particularly motivated with a project before
trying to enroll in a PhD program. I think that form part of AI NOW will give
me not only the opportunity of work in a global impacting project but the
possibility of find a question I would like to answer in a doctoral
research.   



In summary, I hope to have transmitted that I
am a determined person, who feels really eager to learn and work hardly and who
wants to growth personal and professionally, to form part of an innovating
project and to contribute to make fairer our world. 



Thank you very much for your time. 



Yours sincerely,



 



Daira Pinto
Prieto













 [Sergio Va1]Esto
parece lo de por/para pero al revés :-P













 [Sergio Va2]No me suena muy bien













 [Sergio Va3]Me?













 [Sergio Va4]¡Cómo te
vendes!
















